out of ammo also play with this slide
area horowo hobbies recordin okay though
yeah reload
it's going to show this sound do stock
appreciate it's a pretty fun so far the
only problem I'm having is with the
water aim whatever this is useful for
you know you're shooting like that it's
not like you can get head shots or
anything apparently all right you found
some c4 you can use it to blow up the
sams
yeah okay
total freedom grenade is c4 I just
proposed of a run for close-up
because you can keep playing them
what is this Oh explosive job I never
shit I need to blow up
um and this year
fuck I'm out okay so left right so right
click isn't blown out I'll try holding
it down yeah that way I'm coming back to
pick you up as fast as I can
what else yeah god dammit Cain you
better get a move on I'm inbound stand
fast and give him he'll
so happened
oh fuck
for now even an
go
McMahon
oh jesus fucking missed um
so much for the element of surprise yeah
what do you think we blew our cover
that's pretty funny Oh 20 minutes oh and
where does that step take us a little be
reporting no contact you're up and out
Carl Blaine once these cuts off this
much in my hard drives now professional
gambler and alpha hey geeks are we
thought it's tough playing on no but
we've got no choice Lane knows more
about this island than anyone
after this have you seen anything stop
and continued again after re-encode in
the videos okay here we are
people of color
yeah i'm gonna skip this one guys
because i'm running out of space Ruby
fan I was gonna hit the return key and
skip this okay let up stop this now